tickets/DM-19817 Changes to support code only repo (#1)
lsst-dm/ci_hsc_gen2: README.rst

==========
``gen2_ci_hsc``
==========

> ``gen2_ci_hsc`` provides test data and script which exercises the LSST stack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``ci_hsc_gen2`` provides scripts which use the LSST stack to perform single frame and coadd
processing on the engineering test data from Hyper Suprime-Cam  which lives in ``testdata_ci_hsc``.
```

Author: Good catch and I like your wording

through single frame and coadd processing based on engineering test data from
Hyper Suprime-Cam.

Obtaining test data
===================

> The data used by ``gen2_ci_hsc`` linked against data installed by ``ci_hsc``, please

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data used by ``ci_hsc_gen2`` linked against data installed by ``ci_hsc``, please
```

Reviewer: I'm a little confused why data is needed from both `ci_hsc` and `testdata_ci_hsc`, or if this should just be updated to say `testdata_ci_hsc`. I would naively assume the new existence of the latter means the former is obsolete. If this is *not* right, please explain why.

Author: it should say testdata_ci_hsc, the name change to testdata occurred late and I missed this change.
